Xiao Ai, is this information really not enough?
Be careful these two days
Someone is checking you
Is it Shang Yinjie's family?
I heard that I came to find my sister on purpose
Yeah, yeah, yeah, I heard that too.
His sister has a new type of birthmark
It is said that the superior was killed and robbed
Find me soon tomorrow
I know this one.
Dr. Wu, don't worry.
If the Sha family really needs to come to the door
You can be honest.
I would never blame you.
You can help me so much.
I'm already grateful
You say so
If your mother hadn't saved me
I could be dead already
I owe him my life
and
You know from the age I helped you change your identity
Sooner or later there will be such a day
Not to mention
What I do is for the characters
You deserve to be punished.
I know what I'm doing is wrong
I am willing to accept any punishment
But the premise is that the revenge must be avenged first
Xiao Ai, maybe your mother's love is only for you
Maybe he just wants you to live your life
Wei Shao
I have already died once
I finally took it out by myself
From now on you can only get revenge
Looks like I'm going to speed up the pace of giving